---
title: "Cats and Us in ancient Egypt"
header:
  image: /assets/Images/sphynx.jpg
categories:
- kitty internationale
---
### divine companions

Back in ancient Egypt, our homes weren't simply ours; they were shared with cats who walked a great line between earth and the divine. They were not simply pets; they had been friends in our daily grind. Meet Bastet, the feline goddess who embodied the entirety comfy approximately domestic, the richness of the land, and the protecting vibes of family. Our cats? They have been living, purring symbols of all that warmth.

When you dig into the past, it's now not just about non secular stuff; it's about how those whiskered friends lived with us. The cat bling you notice in sculptures? Not just a few fancy issue — it turned into us expressing our affection. In those temples dedicated to Bastet, where whiskered creatures were given the VIP treatment, you could wager there had been lots of snuggles and laughter. The link among human beings and cats wasn't some ceremonial component; it changed into a actual-deal connection, with every side bringing something special to the table.

### Guardians of the afterlife

Now, head to the ancient resting spots, and you'll find cats pulling double responsibility as guardians of the afterlife. But these weren't simply stone statues; those were the same furballs that shared our journey thru life and, sure, death. The hieroglyphics? They're now not just about non secular guidance however additionally approximately the everyday methods cats were a part of our lives.

All that fancy grooming of theirs? It wasn't just a few spiritual ritual — it become a shared second of care, a actual-deal connection. When we brought cats into burial rituals, it wasn't only for display; it was our manner of pronouncing,"Hey, you're now not just a puppy; you're family." It's approximately that profound perception in life past this global, where the bonds we shared with our pussycat pals went past the non secular and touched at the very human feelings we all sense.

### Symbol of prosperity

But it is now not all extreme stuff. Venture into the energetic marketplaces and comfy houses, and you'll see that cats in ancient Egypt had been the OG symbols of prosperity. Their searching skills weren't just about preserving the granaries pest-free; it became survival teamwork. These had been our friends, part of our every day dance, contributing now not just to the food chain but additionally to our hearts.

In the ordinary scenes of an historical Egyptian domestic, you would see now not simply the practical aspect of cats but the genuine warmth they introduced to our lives. Our courting with them wasn't pretty much economics or farming; it became approximately sharing the adventure, the usaand downs. Cats weren't silent spectators; they have been dynamic characters in our tale, including layers to our lives with their presence.

So, whilst we talk approximately the feline mystique in historic Egypt, it is no longer a few remote records lesson; it is a tale of buddies who had been greater than symbols — they had been buddies, companions, and co-travelers inside the tricky adventure of existence. Their legacy is not simply carved in stone; it's inside the testimonies of laughter, love, and shared moments that echo via time.
